Eucalyptus 3.4 is now available

Eucalyptus is pleased to announce the release of version 3.4. Eucalyptus 3.4.0
is a new feature release, with significant improvements in storage and image
management, as well as a new AWS-compatible Eucalyptus Console.

Eucalyptus 3.4.0 Highlights

This major release contains new features as well as bug fixes and improvements.
[TODO: list of new features]

Additional information on these features and other important fixes can be found
in the release notes located at [TODO: direct link to release notes].

Installing Eucalyptus

Eucalyptus can be installed using FastStart for smaller deployments [TODO:
whatâ€™s small? Add this to the FS doc as well], or from packages on Fedora
Linux.

To install Eucalyptus using FastStart, download the DVD ISO from
http://www.eucalyptus.com/download/faststart and follow the instructions at
http://www.eucalyptus.com/docs/eucalyptus/3.3/faststart-guide/

To install Eucalyptus from packages, follow the instructions in the
Installation Guide at
http://www.eucalyptus.com/docs/eucalyptus/3.3/install-guide/ . The Installation
Guide includes information on planning your deployment and installing
Eucalyptus. Further documentation for cloud administrators and users are
available from the Eucalyptus Documentation site at
http://www.eucalyptus.com/docs .

As always, the full source code for Eucalyptus is available from
https://github.com/eucalyptus/eucalyptus .

Eucalyptus Upgrade Best Practices

We recommend upgrading to Eucalyptus 3.4.0 to take advantage of [TODO: why
upgrade]. Upgrades are supported from Eucalyptus 3.3 [TODO: any 3.3, or only
3.3.1?]. 

If you are running an earlier version of Eucalyptus, we recommend first
upgrading to Eucalyptus 3.3. Instructions on upgrading to Eucalyptus 3.3 are
included in Appendix A of the v3.3 Installation Guide, available at
http://www.eucalyptus.com/docs/eucalyptus/3.3/install-guide/upgrade.html [TODO:
this  needs work!]

Best regards,
The Eucalyptus Team
